what's up YouTube Riley from Gear
grandeur films here today I have a sand
disc 64 gigabyte microSD card and a Sony
32 gigabyte microSD card and we will be
comparing the difference like if the
boxes are easy to open or what features
they give you as well as read and write
speeds so let's get started alright so
just by looking at the box it looks like
this one the sony has the micro SD card
and a converter that makes it to normal
SD card size and this has a nifty
carrying case with a micro SD card and a
converter so let's open up the box first
we're gonna open up the Sony so it says
on the back here there's a little like
cut line so I'm gonna cut along there
and there's an opening and then if we go
in here and you pull this out okay so
this pulls out and you have the SD card
and the little adapter so the adapter
pops right out and then SD card is
encased and a little folded that's on
the side down it's a little like folded
cover thing so this is what you get here
the 32 gigabyte card and the adapter so
I'm going to fit that right inside the
adapter and set that aside and now we
have the 64 gigabyte SanDisk and again
there's a little thing that says to cut
along the line so I'm going to do that
and see if it so it does come open right
there so if we reach down inside there's
a plastic
oh it just squeeze it come out so here
it has the card and the adapter inside
of a little carrying case so that's oh
don't want to pop the card out that's
what that looks like so let's compare
I'm gonna put this back inside the case
all right so now if we just look at the
boxes we can compare the read and write
speed
so obviously the sizes are different
ones a 32 gigabyte and ones a 64
gigabyte but this one says up to 40
megabytes per second right there this
goes up to 40 megabyte per second high
speed
it also says compatible with micro SDHC
devices such as those right there it
also says recommended for DSLR cameras
in Full HD camcorders so it has all of
the sorry about that has all the
information right there it says 2 hours
30 minutes 4800 high-res pictures and
the box or the package rather has a QR
code that you can scan on there so then
if we look at the back it says
recommended application it's just a
little bunch of stuff and then jumbo
Gumble now if we look at this one also
the Sony is a let's look at the it's a
UHS so if we look here the little one
right there that's the little you one
that's UHS and that that is considered
the highest class of writing and reading
speed so both of the SanDisk and the
Sony or UHS so you see on the SanDisk
yeah you see if they little you one
right there
so both of them are you a just and both
of them are the same so if we look at
the just to compare the let's compare
the SD cards first so this one looks
upside down
this one looks Sony like so this is a
Sony one and then this one's a sandesh
so this has the this has the the
whatever you call it the traditional
SanDisk look to it so this the SanDisk
on the back of it it says that its water
proof temperature proof shockproof and
x-ray proof and let's look here in the
back of the Sony it says that its water
proof temperature proof all that stuff
inside of it so they're pretty much like
read and write speeds and everything
they're identical just that the SanDisk
you pay a little more for the SanDisk
because it's it's SanDisk and you're
kind of paying for the name also you get
this carrying case or the little cow
case or case you get the case anyways
put that in there put this back in here
and that's it for the review or the over
unboxing so that has been the unboxing
and sort of comparison I have never done
anything like this just a comparison of
the boxes and stuff so that has been the
comparison if you liked it or if you
want to see more comparisons of things
like phones or cameras or SD cards leave
a comment below make sure you subscribe
to see more of my videos I make one
almost every day that's it for the video
if you liked it give a thumbs up
if you didn't like it give a thumbs down
make sure you comment and subscribe see
you in my next video
look it's fully charged ding fully
charged accessory wha-what